Oh.
General Qi for so many years
I didn't see what reward you asked me for
Why did the sun come out from the west today?
General Qi fought for many years
Unhindered
The beginning is the pillar of the country
I don't know how many ministers in the DPRK
I want to marry my daughter to him
General Qi has never been married
I don't know which Xiaoxue is so lucky
Can win the favor of the cold-faced general General Qi
General Qi, tell me
Which woman do you want to marry?
I am in charge of you
I marry your majesty
Marriage Sanning
Why do the general and the prince want to marry?
Oh no, they all want to marry
Dragon girl
General Qi
Everything has to be on a first-come, first-served basis
The father has promised to give Sang Ling a marriage contract
Little Junior Sister promises you
If you don't agree, you won't call the shots.
Senior brother didn't come to make trouble once
I'm not messing around.
Dragon girl, look